feat: add landing faq section (#1463)
hashicorp/dev-portal: src/content/certifications/README.md

### FAQs

> The heading for the FAQs on the landing page is managed by the `faqHeading` property in [content/certifications/landing.json](/src/content/certifications/landing.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The heading for the FAQ section on the landing page is managed by the `faqHeading` property in [content/certifications/landing.json](/src/content/certifications/landing.json).
```
⛏️
